[PM-5459] Move libs/exporter to libs/tools/ (#7380)
bitwarden/clients: libs/tools/export/vault-export/README.md

# Vault Export

This folder contains 2 packages that can be used to export a users or an organizational vault.

## vault-export-core

Package name: `@bitwarden/vault-export-core`

> Contains all types, models and services to export a users or organizations vault.

Reviewer: nit: I'm an Oxford comma fan! Also, I believe `users` and `organizations` should be possessive. 

```suggestion
Contains all types, models, and services to export a user's or organization's vault.
```

> Contains all types, models, and services to export a user's or organization's vault.

Reviewer 2: :pick: Super minor but this is a compound possessive noun. Should be "user or organization's vault" as the 's goes after the second noun in the compound.
